docs: Added Markdown files for Documentation (#378)
SaptarshiSarkar12/Drifty: Website/app/docs/Quickstart.md

# A general overview of Dirfty

> Dirfty is an open source Interactive file downloader software built using Java and NextJS, Its backend is powered by Java and the front end consists of NextJS and TailwindCSS
> 
> With the help of Dirfty, you can download files and videos from various sources such as YouTube, Instagram etc.. You can also download files by providing the link address if it's downloading way too slowly inside your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drifty is an Open-Source Interactive File Downloader software built using Java. The Website is built using NextJS and Tailwind CSS.

With the help of Drifty, you can download files and videos from various sources such as YouTube, Instagram etc.
```

## Main Features of Drifty

- Free and Open Source forever

> - Faster downloading of files, just like IDM 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Faster downloading of files
```

> - Youtube, Instagram, Twitter/X etc.. Platforms supported

Reviewer: Twitter is not yet supported but we'll think about it in the future :smile:.
```suggestion
- Popular platforms like YouTube, Instagram, etc. are also supported
```

- Both CLI (Command Line Interface) and GUI (Graphical User Interface) are available

> - Parallel downloading support provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multi-threaded downloading is used in Drifty to get accelerated download speeds
```

# Let's get you running

> ##  A simple demo on how to get started with the GUI of Drifty

Reviewer: The Drifty CLI demo is not covered. Please consider adding it :grin:.

Author: But the CLI will be only covered for the windows machine @SaptarshiSarkar12 as I am running on windows that's why

Reviewer: I'll provide you some resources and texts. Then, can you do it :grin:?

> https://github.com/hasnainmakada-99/Drifty/assets/82728823/980cafd3-6e3e-4b56-a890-b96ec47b7593

Reviewer: @hasnainmakada-99 I think you can remove the sound and add texts in the video to show what you are pointing to in the video. You can remove redundant stops like the user is waiting on the homepage of the Drifty Website for more than 25 seconds. Generally, the audio is muted in videos. So, it's better to include your words in the form of texts in the video. 
Two benefits are there :point_down: 
- Improving accessibility
- Reducing size of the video a bit

Author: Yeah that's true @SaptarshiSarkar12 what you are saying, But I am really bad with editing videos, so can't help you out on this one

Reviewer: Okay. Will try to do that myself if possible. I'm also not too good at editing :upside_down_face:.

Reviewer: Done :ballot_box_with_check:!
@hasnainmakada-99 You can see it below. Suggestions are welcomed :smiley:.

https://github.com/SaptarshiSarkar12/Drifty/assets/105960032/5bb21bf6-fb2b-4374-8d0b-14cac3c06908

Author: Looks great @SaptarshiSarkar12 , I think that we should include this inside the main deployment

Reviewer: Yeah, can you please include that change in your next push?
